# Find-your-hat
This is a Codecademy project called find your hat. It is a game with the
objective of moving your character "*" to the hat "^" while staying inbounds and
avoiding holes "O".

## Purpose
This project was requirement for the fullstack path in Codecademy, and what I learned
was how to structure a JavaScript class in a way that is clear and concise.

### How to play
Once you download the code, cd to where you saved the project and run node /FindHat/starting/main.js
in your terminal. The program comes with a prebuilt class that has a 10X10 playing field, but you can
change the size of the field to your liking by creating a new class (or changing the current class)
with different height, and width settings. The third required parameter is a difficulty percentage. 
I would recommend a smaller percentage on a smaller grid as this parameter relates to the ammount of 
holes generated by the class.


#### MIT License

Copyright (c) [2021] [Gage Miller]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
